# Git Practice
One of the reasons I decided to pursue a degree in computer science was because of my interest in making an environmental impact through computational methods, and while I have strayed from that recently, I found this article interesting.[How to Fight Climate Change as a Software Engineer](https://www.infoq.com/articles/fight-climate-change-software-engineer/) speaks on the ways in which software engineers can minimize their impact on climate change. It lists specific ways that would help in lowering the environmental impact, stating that we should delete workloads that are no longer on use, run workloads only when necessary, move workloads to a low carbon location and time, and use fewer resources for your workload. It is better that these things are done sooner rather than later, due to the amount of time we have left in making positive green choices before the point of no return.

# Review by Danilo Montes, dem9855

Environmental impacts are not classically considered when developing and deploying software. This article encourages software developers to consider their carbon footprint, not just from the efforts of their own company in producing energy, but also in energy consumption, especially when using energy and data centers externally. The article lists a few ways that software devs can better create and deploy software, and each of these ways will require more effort from teams, especially when working to refractor existing software. Reducing environmental impact through software development further stresses the concept of software engineering as a whole, since teams must write higher quality code in order to use less resources. Although it might be more difficult for pre-existing software to be updated to meet the different standards, new software can be built from the ground up with these standards in mind. While it might be easier to ignore environmental impacts of software development, we must do our part to help contribute to efforts in saving the climate.

# Comments from Manny Soto Ruiz
I found this article interesting since I never really thought about how our software can have a negative impact on climate change. For example, we can help the climate by having our software use less energy while running. In general, the field of software engineering needs a change in helping the environment so we need to decarbonize our software.
